readme.md, before:

## PuzzleFAB Web Player

PuzzleFAB is for making fabulous puzzles! 
See [blog](http://www.polyomino.com/PuzzleFAB).

PuzzleFAB provides a pattern language compatible with PuzzleScript, just more fabulous!
Every PuzzleScript game is already a PuzzleFAB game, and lots more besides.
More about PuzzleScript on the [blog](http://www.polyomino.com/puzzlescript) or [here](https://www.puzzlescript.net).

PuzzleFAB has players for Windows desktop, Linux, WebGL, Android, iOS and more. 
This is the PuzzleFAB Web Player. Just click the link and enjoy!.

The default game is [2048](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL), showing mouse clicks, text and high res objects.

Press Escape and the Pause screen will allow you to select other games, or try these links.

[Yet Another Sokoban](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL/?p=Puzzles/New/yasban.txt) shows high res objects.

[Loops of Zen](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL?p=Puzzles/New/loops_of_zen.txt) shows high res and mouse.

[Black box](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL?p=Puzzles/New/black_box.txt) shows rule expansion with relative directions.

[Bridges](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL?p=Puzzles/New/bridges.txt) shows mouse, text and arithmetic.

Commit message:

Version v1.0beta-22k30 Animations, Net game, random fixes

readme.md, after:

## PuzzleFAB Web Player

PuzzleFAB is for making fabulous puzzles! 
See [blog](http://www.polyomino.com/PuzzleFAB).

PuzzleFAB provides a pattern language compatible with PuzzleScript, just more fabulous!
Every PuzzleScript game is already a PuzzleFAB game, and lots more besides.
More about PuzzleScript on the [blog](http://www.polyomino.com/puzzlescript) or [here](https://www.puzzlescript.net).

PuzzleFAB has players for Windows desktop, Linux, WebGL, Android, iOS and more. 
This is the PuzzleFAB Web Player. Just click the link and enjoy!.

The default game is [333](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL), showing mouse clicks, text and high res objects.

Press Escape and the Pause screen will allow you to select other games, or try these links.

[2048](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL/New/2048.txt), showing mouse clicks, text and high res objects.

[Yet Another Sokoban](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL/?p=Puzzles/New/yasban.txt) shows high res objects and move animations.

[Loops of Zen](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL?p=Puzzles/New/loops_of_zen.txt) shows high res and mouse, with animated rotation.

[Black box](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL?p=Puzzles/New/black_box.txt) shows rule expansion with relative directions.

[Bridges](https://david-pfx.github.io/PuzzleFABweb/WebGL?p=Puzzles/New/bridges.txt) shows mouse, text and arithmetic.
